Add use-cases section (#444)
decentralized-identity/presentation-exchange: spec/spec.md

Examples in this document use the [Verifiable Credentials Data Model](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) and the [Decentralized  Identifiers (DIDs)](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/) formats for illustrative purposes only; this specification is intended to support any JSON-serializable [[ref:Claim]] format.

## Use Cases

The following is a non-exhaustive list of some use cases which this specification is intended to support.

> 1. A [[ref:Holder]]'s agent can find a [[ref:Presentation Definition]] and a [[ref:Submission Requirements Object]] in a well-known location, parse them, and use them to filter the [[ref:Holder]]'s credentials for the [[ref:Holder]], who can (interactively or programmatically) select credentials which their agent pack into a [[ref:Presentation Submission]] submitted back to the [[ref:Verifier]] for assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A [[ref:Holder]]'s agent can find a [[ref:Presentation Definition]] in a well-known location, parse its contents, and use them to filter the [[ref:Holder]]'s credentials on behalf of the [[ref:Holder]], who can (interactively or programmatically) select credentials which their agent pack into a [[ref:Presentation Submission]] submitted back to the [[ref:Verifier]] for assessment.
```

- Changes:
  - Proposed striking submission reqs since it's contained in the PD
  - Related wording cleanup
- Questions (possibly for later): 
  - Should we say "wallet or agent"? This might be a can of worms that we might want to address throughout the spec (low pri)
  - I tried to do a bit more cleanup to clarify that the first agent activities (parsing, etc) can be / generally are done programmatically too. Maybe this is very obvious and doesn't need to be said.

1. A [[ref:Verifier]]'s [[ref:Presentation Definition]] and a [[ref:Submission Requirements Object]] can describe a requirement met by credentials in multiple claim formats, and a [[ref:Holder]]'s agent can parse them and meet their requirements with a "mixed" Verifiable Presentation or other container that combines credentials in different claim formats, mapping claims to requirements with [[ref:Embed Targets]].

> 1. A [[ref:Verifier]] can be a [[ref:Conformant Producer]] according to this specification without supporting any of the optional features, and any [[ref:Holder]] agent which is a [[ref:Conformant Consumer]] should be able to parse and their artefacts and produce an [[ref:Presentation Submission]] fulfilling them (granted they hold credentials that meet the requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A [[ref:Verifier]] can be a [[ref:Conformant Producer]] according to this specification without supporting any of the optional features, and any [[ref:Holder]] agent which is a [[ref:Conformant Consumer]] should be able to parse their artifacts and produce an [[ref:Presentation Submission]] fulfilling them (granted they hold credentials that meet the requirements).
```

fixed typo and ye old english spelling (for consistency)

> 1. A [[ref:Verifier]] can be a [[ref:Conformant Producer]] according to this specification supporting any combination optional features, and any [[ref:Holder]] agent supporting none of those feature can be a [[ref:Conformant Consumer]] of that Verifier's artefacts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A [[ref:Verifier]] can be a [[ref:Conformant Producer]] according to this specification supporting any combination optional features, and any [[ref:Holder]] agent supporting none of those feature can be a [[ref:Conformant Consumer]] of that Verifier's artefacts. 
```
```suggestion
1. A [[ref:Verifier]] can be a [[ref:Conformant Producer]] according to this specification supporting any combination optional features, and any [[ref:Holder]] agent supporting none of those feature can be a [[ref:Conformant Consumer]] of that Verifier's artifacts. 
```

Just making sure the intent: it's pointing out that the consumer can parse a producer's artifacts, even if it doesn't implement the features. in the case that the feature is required for the producer, the full exchange can't succeed, but at least the consumer can parse enough to realize why they can go no further?
